hey Steve suck welcome back to poke
Soochow hair appreciate you tuning in
hey this just came in with us this is a
beautiful one what's nice about this gz2
I do believe
made in Korea is it's kind of a golden
amber color it's really beautiful I mean
that the back kind of goes from the
golden amber kind of golden kind of
blondish gold color to kind of a like a
soft try see-through reddish tint really
beautiful reminds me of some of the old
gifts and stuff from the old gifts
Annelle fives
that's a really a beautiful color and
like I said the top has got the kind of
golden amber and kind of fades into that
kind of reddish look not not too Brown
but that kind of reddish that's really
it reminds me of an early 70s l5 CES
they used to have this is really a nice
guitar and it really sounds good plugged
or unplugged I was playing it unplugged
this morning warming up I'm not very
warm but but this is really a nice box
589 on this it comes with a hard case a
static guard case by the way hard cases
for 17-inch guitars are not cheap and
they're not easy to find so this is a
pretty good situation a lot of guitar
for 589 I really like it
let's get just a little bit more volume
here and by the way I want to talk about
something new here I'm getting you know
37,000 views a month on my youtube
channel I've got you know 50 60 thousand
metatags if you'd like to get some
exposure to sell your guitar I'm
offering to put it put your video on my
channel for $49 that's it you don't have
to pay any final final value fees or any
other fees you just need to get you know
send me a video you can send it you can
you can put that video on like used to
be called you send it calm no I think
it's called
my tail who I guess we could also do it
through Dropbox I haven't use Dropbox
yet but doesn't look that complicated
but yeah $49 you do all the negotiating
you take the money I would just suggest
you don't take any pulse so money orders
or cashier's check there are a lot of
scams out there unfortunately but yeah
you know the thing about my folks who
channel it is you know I've got
something like 875 videos most of them
say sold because the stuff sold that
people love looking at it and people are
in a mood to buy something especially
after watching all these videos and
seeing seeing all these cool guitars and
then seeing all the salt signs I get
emails all the times you you know but
people kind of get into a buying mode
that they want to buy a guitar and I
only have so many guitars for sale so
I'm opening this up I did a smaller lab
around here recently and got some pretty
good response but I'm opening this up to
where if you'd like to be exposed you
know thirty seven thousand people a
month look at your guitar and then all
those meta tags and a lot of exposure
and like I said you just come up with
how much you want to sell it for you
take care of that on your own and you
don't have to pay me down the road I'm
probably gonna have to charge the
mixture you know final value either
because it is time
right now well I'm just gonna charge $49
that's it and you can get your guitar
exposed to people that are really in the
mood to sell the guitar I've sold a lot
of guitars on YouTube and people just
love to buy stuff and it's good exposure
for me anyway this guitar is available
now I always put the back pickup down
low so it makes the front pickup have
more of a beautiful more beautiful tone
but the back pickup works but I have it
real low so it sounds a little weak
right now just because it's so low but I
found by doing that then it brings up a
very beautiful this just sounds
wonderful like I said I was playing it
on blow this morning I like business
listen to me this is a much much better
guitar than any Joe Pass or I like it
better than even though 175 it just has
it has it has a bigger richer sound but
not just tubby song it has a real hard
to explain tone just a bigger sound or
kinetic I guess would be the term I'd
like to use really has a sound so I
gotta cut this short
this is the cycle for my guitar so I'm
gonna cut this short shutdown loads but
yeah that's a beauty 589 comes with a
Samak card case made in Korea this is
this this is really a gorgeous guitar
even if you can afford to spend five
grand on the jazz box y-you really get
it all right here it's got a wonderful
wonderful tone it's absolutely stunning
too in terms of the look of the guitar
I'm not sure if you can see that cuz I
never know what angle the camera is
grabbing this at but it really is a
gorgeous guitar I love that like I said
it goes from how the amber gold to kind
of a reddish deep not a fire engine red
but a really nice deep see-through red
color very very soft and if this record
said it reminds me of some of the l5 CES
is from the 60s and the 70s this has got
really nice put on the top as a gorgeous
guitar if you could use a great jazz
guitar and you don't want to spend a lot
this this is a lot of box even the sides
are quilted and I love these I don't get
too many of these because I'm really
picky it has to be a great one I don't
put in an inventory but this this is a
great one so if you interested let me
know one of my good customers were
probably buy this take